>> Will Sentance: Final thing to adjust
to kind of give you a little bit of
the reality version of this
is folk don't tend to call this
function CopyArrayandManipulates.
They call it a name that
I think you get used to.
But it's a bit on intuitive.
It's a three letter word.
And it's map.
They call the function that I
call CopyArrayandManipulates Map,
is one of the most important
higher order functions out there.
There it is.
So we don't call it
CopyArrayandManipulates we call it, Map.
No CopyArrayandManipulates we call it,
Map.
And therefore, you thought to talk
about mapping data from one state,
which was 1 2 3, mapping it via some
transformation into a brand new
collection of that data where each element
has been transformed in some way and
that is known as the notion of mapping.
Mapping is sort of mathematical notion
of mapping and changing data into a new
construct where it's being
transformed in some way.
You could record it maybe transform
element by element, you could record it.
I don't know math is what they call it.
I don't get why but whatever.
All right,
let's talk in a slightly different way.
This is our big exactly as JavaScript
runs it way of diagramming.
This diagram in a way, by the way,
I lost my voice two days ago.
But, let's diagram it in a way.
This really gets to just the high
level view of what it's doing.
What is actually doing, what is our map?
CopyArrayandManipulates really doing,
well takes in 123.
Okay, first thing it does.
What does the first thing that map does,
Charles?
The first thing that map had
CopyArrayandManipulates,
how do we have an array to copy and do
all sorts of first thing we did, Charles
>> Charles: Context.
>> Will Sentance: True.
Okay, inside a teaching context,
what was the first thing we did, Sam.
>> Charles: The parameter.
>> Will Sentance: Agree.
>> Charles: Right, you're right.
>> Will Sentance: Exactly.
That's the cool thing that Matt
does is it makes it a new array.
Then it takes the first
element multiplies it by two.
Well, this case multiplies it
by two as we're doing this.
Give us 2 push it to the array.
Okay?
Push it to the array and it takes it the 2
multiplies it by 2 to get what, Jasmine?
>> Jasmine: 4.
>> Will Sentance: 4,
place to the right there it is.
And then again, 6 it is.
We were applying
the functionality multiply by 2,
two each element, and then pushing
the element of the array, okay.
I mean nothing profound.
I wanna show you here though just
a simplified version of diagramming.
Exactly what we just did
was get a high level sense.
The reason is because we're
gonna wanna see on a high level
exactly what does this look like?
Because I am gonna tell you,
we made quite a few assumptions there and
I hinted one of them already.
We assumed that we're gonna be
taking the first element and
combining it with an array.